1. We Always need to take care that we put assertions at right place as well driver.quiet should also be at right place
   as Java is very sensetive language and we need to take care always for don't happen silly mistake of braces {} etc.
   as it can be impact on output, specially for assertions and driver.quiet() or (AfterMethod and Before method) 
   Teardown method
   

2. We Also needs to take care that we do have to put semicolon after any looping statement like for(i=0; i<=10; i++);
   this will break the execution of your program and consider as a stopping point in java


3. When we are puting 100% correct xpath and Robust wait mechanism and if even though our WebElement unable to locate
   and Just blinking while click on it. at that time there are high changes that webelement contain under the iframe
   so, in that case first we need to identified iframe and driver.switchto iframe and than needs to interact with our
   webelement

4. When We got an error that "Unable to find the Element" at that time some important points needs to take care

   1. First we have to take care for iFrame, we have to check that, does our element is located under the iframe or not?
      if our element located in iframe than we have to switch to iframe and locate the iframe like as below

     		WebElement frame1 = driver.findElement(By.id("iframeResult"));
		driver.switchTo().frame(frame1);

    than we have to locate our element and again Switch to the main frame back like driver.switchTo().defaultElement();

  2. Another thing we have to take care like Does Our element is come under any element like if any button available   
     prior to our element and if we tried to locate directly our element than it will not going work and give an error
     "Unable to find the element" So, first we have to interact with the element who is interrupted the click like
     first we have to handle those element and than needs to come for our element for interaction, Especially
     when Previous element is Any sucess message or any pop-up or any previous element can also make our execution
     fail.	

  3. Proper wait we have to pass for handle our element for prevent the error unable to locate element


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------